So we've just walked through this code for
this very basic
aggregation to make these vertical
bar charts based on the number
of observations in the data set for
each of these device categories.
And we saw that we can do this
with the groupX transform function
combined with the barY mark
to make vertical bars and
that we're putting the inputs to
this groupX transform as being
the device category which we're
going to put along the x axis and
then the output of that group
transform is going to be the count
meaning the number of observation and
counted altogether.
And that's going to be output as
the height of each bar on the y axis,
which is why we get bars
of different heights here.
However, this is not maybe the most useful
information, the count of observations
in our data set is probably not what
we're ultimately super interested in.
What we're interested in is is probably
the number of users that are using each of
those device categories.
So, let's try to adapt this chart to see
the breakdown by the total number of
users rather than
the number of observations.
That's gonna be our first exercise here.
So in this empty cell right here,
we're going to
start with this grouped
bar chart as an example.
So you could just copy that over and
then we're going to tweak that
code to specify that the group
transform should be calculating
the sum of the users' value.
And visualizing that on the y axis.
So that means that we're gonna need to
pass in as one of the inputs to that
group, transform.
We're gonna need to pass in the column
of data that we care about summing.
So in this case,
that's gonna be the user's column.
And then as a bonus extra credit exercise.
See if you can also figure out how to get
the color of each of the three bars to
be different to distinguish visually
that these are three different
categories of device.
So feel free to lean on those hints there
to get things rolling because this is
a kind of a new skill that we're learning
here with these group transforms.
And again we can use this previous
group to chart as a starting point, so
you can copy that in and then make some
tweaks and feel free to lean on the hints.